strange but beefy sounds ladies and
gentlemen this Gibson Custom Shop
benchmark limited run historic 56
chambered Les Paul in the gloss format
in Cherry they get seven point four
seven pounds double digit cr6 for devil
zero nine is the serial number you just
heard the next pickup very mellow attack
on these doggone rascals with these p90s
beefy sound beefy indeed let's go to our
friend mister both pickups mm-hmm
beat
baby
that was a guitar diatribe I believe
let's your the bridge pick up by itself
so we go on
have it I screaming demon it's a Gibson
Custom Shop benchmark a limited run
historic 56 chambers let's Paul here
Wildwood guitars we'll see you guys
later